Because we are using this syntax right here where we are
returning a function from an action creator,
we need to make sure that we hook up the redux-thunk middleware in order to support that.
And while we are here we are also going to add in our logger middleware.
So let's create a middleware folder and then inside of here we
will have two different files first index.js which
will export an invocation of apply middleware and then
also our logger.js file so first let's do a logger.
And again what we want logger to do as we do
this weird middleware syntax here which takes in the store.
Next as well as an action is we want
logger to show us anytime that a new action is dispatched.
As well as what the new state is going to be after it's dispatched.
We will group these things together inside of the console and then we
can log what the action is by just console logging action.
We can then get a return value here from
invoking next which is going to be dispatched passing at the action.
So that will update the state which will allow us to then say
the new state is we can get by calling store.getState
and then finally we just want to return value here and we can't forget we want this to
be the default export and now inside of index.js in our middleware folder.
What we can do is we can import logger coming from logger.
And now we want to make sure that we install the redux-thunk package
so inside of your terminal you can go ahead and install
that by saying yarn add redux-thunk.
And then once that's finished go ahead and restart your app head back over to
your index.js file inside of your middleware folder.
We want to import the thunk middleware that we just barely
installed and then finally we need to import apply middleware.
From the redux package and an invocation of apply middleware is what's going to
be our default export here so we can say thunk as well as logger.
And then now inside of our index.js file,
we need to make sure that our store is aware of our middleware so what we can
do is imports middleware from dot-slash middleware and
again what this is going to do is it's going to say okay go ahead
and import the default export coming from the
index.js file in the middleware folder which is
going to be our applied middleware invocation right here.
Now what we can do is as the second argument to create
store we can pass our middleware and even though we won't see
anything yet because we're not dispatching any actions that's what we will do in
the next video is when our uploads we'll go ahead and
fetch the initial data that our application needs.